The file “Data Science Project Management” details the important factors in project management and the need for an organized project creation. This document also gives examples of good and poor project maintenance. It also describes the different version control systems and what project they would be best for. Coding instructions for different uses in project management are also given at the end of this document.
	A figure that represents poor project management is shown in the first page of the document. The author gives the reader six disadvantages of a project structured like the example given. They effectively communicate how and why version controls systems are needed to avoid these errors. One common inconvenience would be trying to share a project with a team member, but since the project is only stored on only one computer, collaboration would be difficult with other people working with these files. To avoid this, the author explains why a distributed vcs is the best control system to use when this problem occurs. The author has described this in a very understandable way to someone not familiar with this work.
	Although the errors in project management and solutions to these errors were given in this passage, I still find myself confused when discussing Git and its indexng method. As someone who is fairly new to these concepts reading the checkins over time in a file(s) was very limiting without an in depth explanation. Updates are necessary to a project and documenting those changes are just as important. After reading this exercise, I still do not know how to document changes made in a Git folder.
